You are a traitor when you marry Wushuang
If you cut ties with Wushuang now
Don't regret it.
Regret cutting ties with traitors
What is there to regret?
I only regret that I agreed to marry my sister into your Lu family
Peerless has no treason
He only received the highest honor
Shadows are brought up from the family tree
That's right, if Peerless appears in the family tree
It should also appear on the first page
The first page is really delusional
Only the first generation of ancestors and the champion
To have such honor
Absolutely impossible
Ruwushuang has been a traitor outside
Can't be the champion
Want to reopen the family tree
Guangzong Yaozu will do
Wushuang protects the country
So there is this honor
It seems that you were brainwashed by Lu Wushuang
Just his stuff
How can it be possible to defend the country and honor the ancestors?